4 Types Of Posts:

1. Post
2. Comment
3. Reply To Comment
4. Reply To Reply

4 Types Of Post Components

1. Post
2. Comment ( If there are no replies, this will be displayed as an ordinary post component)
3. Thread
4.

If there is a post with no comments/replies, it will just be a default post component with no 'sideline' that trails under the avatar
    ELSE
        It will have a 'sideline'

NOTE: All replies have no top and bottom border ( All in one frame )

Other components: 
1. Show replies ( Bar Figure )

Scenarios:
1. If there is only one comment to a post, display the post and comment in one frame
2. If a commenter who replies to his/her own comment or replies to their own reply, display in one frame
4. If a commenter who replies to his/her own comment more than once
5. A comment is only going to show a max of 1 reply, the rest will have to be loaded in by clicking 'Show replies'

- When one clicks on a post, it will load a MAX of 50 comments
- When the comments load when a post is clicked, comments will only load a MAX of one reply, in one frame, click Show replies for more
- When one clicks a 

- When a reply has a ton of replies, show the 'Show replies' button which will show all of its replies with no MAX unless there are maybe 15 replies or more,
 then show the 'Show replies' button for more with the same process???

 - If you ever click on any of the 4 types of posts (not the 'Show more' button), it will have the same effect as if you click on a 1st gen standard post
 ( load a max of 50 of its replies/comments)

 - Always a Post to Comment relationship
    - Every comment, reply, reply to reply, is a post when it is clicked on, meaning it is treated as a post and will have its own post page
    - Think of the reply feature as a small and extra feature when ONLY the 'Show replies' button is clicked on. It doesn't have it's own page, it only increases
    the view height of the frame with a smooth transition to show the rest of the replies... a handy and short tool to quickly see replies at certain MAXIMUM quantity...
    ... maybe 3 replies???

